I'll have two cheeseburgers and two large sodas.
I’d like 3 hamburgers, two with cheese, and a large soda.
Also, a side of medium fries.
Can I have 2 crispy chicken sandwiches? Make one a combo with fries. No pickles.
One black coffee.
Uh, okay. A McGriddle, hash browns, an iced coffee, and a 20 piece McNuggets.
Hello could I have one crispy chicken sandwich with a side of fries, please?
I’d like two cheeseburgers, a large fries, an order of 20 piece McNuggets, and two medium sodas
I'll have one cheeseburger, two hamburgers, a black coffee, and a large soda
Just a large soda would be great
Okay so I want two orders of hash browns, a coffee with cream, and a McGriddle
No wait, make that two McGriddles
10 piece McNuggets and two Filet-O-Fish with, uh, oh a small McFlurry
Okay here we go I'd like two cheeseburgers, one hamburger, three crispy chicken sandwiches, one Big Mac, a Quarter Pounder, six medium sodas, and a medium McFlurry
Give me the crispy chicken sandwich with an order of large fries and a 20 piece McNuggets
Listen, I need twenty-four hash browns and I need them quick
Hey I'd like one sausage McMuffin and one McGriddle please with a large black coffee
Then I'll just have the one Filet-O-Fish with large fries and a soda
Could I get three Big Macs and two large fries please?
Just a chocolate shake for me please
Good morning just two iced coffees for me
She wants a 20 piece McNuggets and a small fries if I remember correctly
Hash browns, iced coffee, and a sausage McMuffin
I came here for one Big Mac and one Quarter Pounder with two McFlurries
I want two crispy chicken sandwiches, an order of hashbrowns, two chocolate shakes, and oh, uh, one more crispy chicken sandwich
All I need is four orders of medium fries
One chocolate shake and a small fries please
My son would like a cheeseburger with small fries and I will have a Quarter Pounder with large fries
No, I wanted two 20 piece McNuggets and four hash browns
For me I'll have one Big Mac and one iced coffee
Hello I'd love two McFlurries and one chocolate shake please

